As you enter the Bridge, there is a flurry of activity. Several other crew members are already in the room, and two of those are actively vomiting on the floor. Probably also Sensory Overload Syndrome, you think to yourself. 

“What’s going on?” you ask, your voice sounding small and different from what you remember. You try again this time louder against the blaring siren in the room “What’s going on?”

“Fucking autopilot decided to bring us along a crash course with a significant momentum-bearing meteor that what’s going on,” shouted someone… The pilot, you remember, I think they’re the main pilot.

You stumble over into an open chair. Your a botanist by trade, you have no idea what any of these buttons mean. 

“Theseus, get me a graphics of the past 30 minuets up on the monitor.” someone barked. Sounded like the captain.

The front wall, which used to be a blank steel sheet, lit up into a crisp model of the Theseus entering an orbit around a large moving meteor. You watched as the little ship started to approach the celestial body, follow the dotted line, and attempted to sling around it to steal a little momentum. But when the ship got close, the meteor suddenly started to move towards it. The dotted line representing the anticipated path, suddenly closed into an orbit instead of a slingshot. Then the graphic replayed. 

“Miscalculation?” You offered up after seeing the display.

“There was no miscalculation,” a soothing voice responded from somewere hidden, “All math I have compiled is correct.” The ship was giving its defense.

“Then a mismeasurement then?” The captain offered, “Rocks don’t change direction.”

“I agree with the cap,” someone said, probably a lead engineer, “A sensor is on the fritz. Start hard ware system diagnostics.”

“Already underway,” replied the Theseus.




Suddenly all lights went off. The alarm stoped, but the quiet lasted only a moment as people began yelling back and forward. A few lights came back on after a moment, only from a select few control panels. You catch the order “Front view, now!” and suddenly the screen blinks to life again to see starts, everywhere and twinkling. Except in the dead center of the screen, theres a large black patch outlined in red. This patch is growing larger and blocking more and more stars. 

“Get us out of here pilot!”
“I can’t, ships thrusts aren’t working.”
“Theseus why not?”
“Unknown.”
“Emergency survival measures.”
